+++
title = "About Fearless Geek Media"
+++

Started by PKA Will Michaels, Fearless Geek Media serves clients in
Salt Lake City, Utah and beyond FEARLESSLY, helping you stand out from
the crowd with professional website design and development, graphic design,
social media management, and more.

To get started, you'll want to schedule a discovery session. A discovery
session is a one-hour consultation where you can share your vision, goals,
challenges and expectations for your digital branding project. During the
discovery session, we will ask you questions, listen to your needs, offer
suggestions and brainstorm ideas with you. The discovery session is a great
way to get to know each other and see if Fearless Geek Media is the right fit
for you. You can choose to have the session in person or via video call.
After the session, Fearless Geek Media will send you a summary of what was
discussed and the next steps to move forward with your project. We would love
to hear from you and help you create a digital branding strategy that suits
your needs and budget.

## The Iterative Design Method

Also known as the Progressive design method, this was created by ZURB. This
is the process we use on our large projects.

The iterative design method is always moving, always progressing, hence its
alternative name. Each phase is set for a certain amount of time, but can be
extended as needed. We can also move back to other phases as needed. Let's
say we find something wrong in the build process, we can go back to the
prototype or ideate phase.

Iterative Design

### Ideate

After our kickoff meeting, we begin the Ideate process. What this means is we
create ideas WITH YOU. Yes, you are part of the team, even though you're a
client.

We work on the smaller details and concepts first. We could be working on
concepts for the buttons on the website, or backkgrounds, or if we're
building a site that tells a story, we could be working on imagery.

We send you the ideas twice per week to get your feedback.

### Prototype

Now we'll put the ideas together into a more cohesive concept. We'll take the
ideas we created, find out what works, and find out what doesn't. Again,
you're kept in the feedback loop through this process.

### Build

This is where we start coding when it comes to websites. If we're dealing
with print media, well we're just creating a product to analyze. We take the
PSDs, wireframes, etc and build an actual working site.

### Analyze

You want your site to be tested. We can test this with a closed beta or open
beta. We will discover issues that users might have, and we can go back to
the build process as needed.

How Billing is Handled For the Iterative Design Project

Each phase has a set amount of time. After our Discover session, we will give
you an estimated cost. We do milestone payments, with 50% of the first phase
(the ideate phase) down to begin. Then at the end of the phace, we move to
the next or repeat the phase if needed. At this point, the other 50% is due,
as well as the 50% of either the next phase or repeated phase. This continues
until we go all the way through the Build and Analyze phases.

This process is designed to give you the very best product we can give you.
We do our best to make sure you're happy and your customers are happy. And we
do this FEARLESSLY!
